mm energy. This is Melanie. How may I help you? Melody melody? How you doing? I'm doing alright, how are you? Melanie? I'm gonna tell you something, I don't know you but I need you so bad. Right now. I need you so bad. Really not. I paid, let me tell you what happened. Will be 100% honest. You do not pinky swear I was supposed to pay you guys some money on uh two days ago I woke up this morning and I totally forgot because I I'm not gonna lie. I wasn't feeling well. Monday and Tuesday. So I slipped my mind. So I went paid the bill, I paid $410 at one of these. Um I went to the little kissing the new little kiss. It was my first time using the new little kissing. That's all I have. It wouldn't for whatever reason wouldn't find my address, I didn't think nothing of it. So I went to Spartan, a little Spartan grocery store on Grand River, Gave the guy um pay the extra $2.25 and pay the bill. Alright. My son just came home from school for thanksgiving break and he's like dad the power's off. I'm like, you gotta be joking. He's like, no, so I don't know if this happened before. I clearly must have happened after I left work or I don't know when y'all just cut it off. But um I told him to go in the fridge, feed the stuff looks like, you know when they're melted and stuff. But this happened, it must have just happened so I'm like okay it might just happen so that's how I get on the phone with you to see if there's anything you can do for us please. I just paid you guys $410 and I think that there was like six. Okay let me um look into your account uh to better assist, may I have the um account number or your phone number? Um the number is gonna be on the account is (313) 848 3978 one moment it's underneath Monique johnson. Alrighty. And may I have your name in relation to the account holder? Michael johnson And it's 62 57 is the um last four. Alright and can you verify the street address? 37 39 columbus Detroit? Michigan. 48206. Thank you. One moment. Okay I'm gonna place you, do you mind if I place you on a 1 to 2 minute hold No no no no whatever you can do for me I appreciate it one moment, not that I'm happy with your approval through your medical pharmacy, where you want to get it from as the provider. But we looked at the authorization, there's no authorization submitting yet. You do have a right to start the authorization yourself, I can get a pharmacy on the line, authorization department on the line and they can get it started for you what they would do take as much information that you have and what information you don't have the contact your doctor. Alrighty, thank you for your patience. So um right now the only option to restore would be to um pay the past due amount. Um There are also options uh with outside sources that can assist you and I'm getting your bill paid and I can um connect you with those resources uh if you'd like um But um if you don't mind, I would like to place you on another brief hold just to do a little bit more um researching. Okay right but you so right now the only way we have it would it could be restored um you know immediately would be for you to pay the full uh past due amount. Um I'm trying to see what that is. Okay so Alright and you're also saying that you paid for attendant when this was at a kiss. When was this? Okay. No. Okay we're uh what kind of payment did you use? I'm sorry where did you pay at? Sure I can. Okay you're welcome. You have a good day after the call. You're welcome. Bye now. Thank you for holding. So while that that uh payment is being located. Um I would like to text um send over um via either text or email to you some of the outside sources and their phone numbers um just in case so you can get started on that if need be, It has to be the entire uh past due amount, which I think is like 6091 moment. That's the uh total past due. 609 50. Okay, so that payment has not been located yet. That's why I said um that we're in the process of located that payment. But in the meantime while we're waiting, I wanted to give you these outside sources and just send them to your phone. Mhm. I'm sorry, can you repeat that? I'm sorry, can you repeat that? No, not at this point because the services have already been shut off, so once the services that have been shut off, there's not many choices as far as like um But you will always, you have to pay the full amount in order to restore. Now if you contact these outside sources, they can help to just to pay that down payment. Excuse me to pay that um amount. My name is Lauren L O R. N. A. Factor. I am calling for services for my mother. Her name is Iris I R I S faxed er T H A. X. T E. R. The return number is um 7188779811. That's my cell number. I'm not gonna give you my mom's number because that will do later