Hello, good afternoon, this is giving a call back from BP energy, this call will be recorded for quality assurance purposes. How can I assist you today? Hi I am just, I had uh my bill got shut off my gas did and I just paid the bill and its entire online, I just wanna make sure that that will get it turned back on because I know he had mentioned that it was gonna be like 2 30 something and I think it was only like 2 18 when I went online. Okay most certainly I can take a look into the account to see what amount is required in order to have that services are reestablished to your home and the further assist you for this request. May I please ask a few additional questions? Okay can I start with the account number or the phone number we have associated with your account today please? Um I have a phone number 906 3680041. May I please have the first and last name on the account? Um Lakota wanda. Alrighty miss may I please have the full service address? N. 15387 Cedar view Drive Wilson michigan. 9896. Okay just one moment and that was sweet of you drive, you said yep. Okay give me just a moment, could you verify for me the last four of the social security number on file 7111. Alrighty and the the best contact email address, it's K. O. T A. Period 2332 at iCloud dot com. Thank you for verifying give me just a moment here to look into the restore. Okay, okay, make sure that we did also uhm receive that payment for you said it was today, yep. Alrighty thank you. Give me just a moment I'm gonna place you on to a brief hold and I will be right back as soon as I confirm all the information. Okay. Uh-huh not ready. Okay so I mean so the amount they are requiring for the restore uh was the full contract account balance and then we usually have a meter reconnect fee and if there was a security or if there was a disconnection due to non payment will require. Uh let me see here, it looks like there is no current amount required here for the restore of your service. Okay now do I have to be home for them to reconnect that? Um Let me see here just a moment If it tells me that um no field agent is a required in order to go out and restore the gas services then uh you don't have to have anyone come out but if they do advise that there will need to be someone 18 years older, I will give you the date available for the appointment and we'll be able to go from there just because whatever date that we do have available, there will have to be someone at the home and we'll contact telephone number, would you like to use for this order? Um the one on the account. Okay could you provide that for me here? I'm sorry 9063680041. Thank you. Alright so let's go ahead here and see what we do have available as far as appointments go. So the next available appointment that I do have will be for the 19th either the A. M. Or the P. M. Or we could do the 22nd for a morning or evening appointment. Okay um could we do the 19th and do the AM. Okay Most certainly we can do am appointment for the 19th and let's see here. Alrighty and did you want to be updated about any alerts or updates for this transaction via text or email? Um No they do. Okay and I do want to confirm this is for N 15387, Cedar view Drive Wilson Michigan. 49896. Okay give me just an additional moment here one second anything else for you? 907? No have a good day. Okay Alright so um a few questions before we do proceed, has anyone tested positive for COVID-19 in the last 14 days, have you been around anyone has been positive for COVID-19 in the last 14 days or have you anyone in your house been experiencing any flu like symptoms? No. Okay Mm Alright so there will need to be an adult 18 years older at the home in order to uh for the duration of the appointment or it will be cancelled. Um a natural glass gas appliance must be connected and working uh to ensure that the technician has clear path to the media, remove all items, blocking access, secure, all passed away from the work area. A technician will call to confirm your appointment, please answer the call to avoid cancellation due to the pandemic and safety of you. And our technicians please maintain at least 60 of distance will call you on the schedule date for the appointment being friday the 19th for A. M. Being eight p.m. To 12 p.m. Um It's the appointment or the call is not answered, your order will be cancelled. So you will be able to give us a call back in order to schedule another appointment, just make sure that on that date schedule um you answer all calls even if labelled spam just to ensure that you don't miss the call from the technician. Okay Okay alright give me just a moment. Okay give me just an additional second here I can go ahead and submit this order, I do appreciate the patience I'm gonna place feedback until a brief hold and when it is finished I'll be able to supply you with the number. Okay Okay Alrighty thank you