Hello. Good morning. I mean good afternoon, this is allen from DTE energy. I am returning your call back request. I do need to inform you these calls are recorded for quality assurance purposes. How may I help you today? Hi, I am calling, It says that I owe uh shut off notice for $800. I just had, I mean Dhs and I'm not sure what that's about. I'm just calling to find out. Absolutely. I can certainly assist you with your shut off notice to better assist you. Do you mind if I ask you a few more questions? No, I don't thank you. May I ask who I'm speaking to Dylan Daily? Perfect. And your address please? 51 North Spring Medal Street Graphic Michigan. 49548. Perfect. Thank you. And may I have the last four digits of your social security number please? 4457. Perfect, thank you. So I am just gonna take a look really fast. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay so I um I'm just taking a look through your account so from what I see so far um the address only made a $42 payment and um Yeah so they made a $42 payment on your account you were in the the shut off protection program. Um and you had to stay on shut off protection, please pay $894.02 cents by um november 16th. Um The a just made a $42 payment. Um but that was all that was processed and um your turn were um terminated off of the protection program because that full payment was not paid by the due date, so that's um on kind of what happened, You do not have a shuttle notice as of like right now, Um it did make your whole account balance becomes do, which is $1,098.98. Um but you did not have a shut off notice. Okay. Well what I'm understanding is why they only paid that much and not the whole amount, and I guess um is this is the shut off plan? Something has to do with something else or is it my bill? Okay. And so um let's just start from the beginning, so you were on the shuttle Protection plan, and when you applied for the Dhs help, um they only paid $42 and you had um a back balance on the shuttle Protection plan of $894.02 that had to be paid to remain on the plan. And when that amount wasn't paid by the 16th of november, you were in turn then, and disconnected or terminated from the shut off Protection program at that time of termination, your whole account balance that becomes due. Um So that's why part I'm just wondering like I said, why they wouldn't pay the whole amount I don't I'm completely not understanding because usually they cover the amount that, you know, that's due and that's how it works, but unless it has something to do with another bill or I can't remember. Um So I hear me equipment like you your uh electronic or your um life at home, I mean my refrigerator so I guess we will cover or something, is that what that is that what that payment is for? So mm let me take a look at your actual account balance, so The $42 um Okay so you're talking about why DSS only paid the $42 or are you talking about why your bill is as high as it is both? Okay, both here because okay because there's two different answers for both of it, so what I can see is you've had help um So two reasons they just made that payment like that. Um number one, um The adjust typically does not like to place amounts on a bill when you are enrolled into um any type of plan, The reason they don't like doing it is because it does not really help you in like your total account balance because if you are still enrolled in the plan then there is still chance for you to accumulate an account balance and they don't want that um So they may have just said you know we're gonna pay this amount number two, the second thing that could have definitely been a contributor if you did have help back in january and the amount of two I mean not january um April and the amount of 2 65 29 you know how they can only pay a certain amount within the fiasco year that may have contributed to it as well. So I don't know why they only put $42. That is definitely a question I would call the adjusting to ask them. Maybe it was a typo um very possible as a typo. But um yeah that is really strange. That is really strange. So it's either Yeah so that has the 800 or 900 somewhere in there is the bill itself, so 700 $750.51 is for home protection. So when I'm looking at the breakdown home protection is it has to do with my um that's why I couldn't come up with the for nothing. Okay I don't know. Oh uh-huh here but yeah that is it appliance, so that's why they probably didn't cover that portion but um is there a way to make some kind of payment arrangement with the section that that other plan that I had because I need my bill, my bill but I can't afford to say that uh old feels uh right off like I can make arrangements for that. Yeah, so I'm gonna get you down to the home protection plan because I'm not sure how they do their payment plans. Um so I'm gonna get you down the home protection, so we can get you on a payment plan for the 750 51, as far as your your regular bill, it's only about 300. Um so I can do something about your regular bill, but as far about please do do that. Thank you. Okay, so you do have another opportunity at the shut off protection plan? Um you would have to wait until your next bill generates, which would be on or around the 24th of november. Um so once your new bill is generated, we can then do another shut off protection plan for the 3 48 I think it said, yep 3 48 47 we can do another shut off protection plan for that, so you don't have to worry about that aspect of it. You just have to wait for your next bill to be generated on november. 24th, I'm gonna get you down to Home Protection, so we can do a payment plan for the 750. Is there anything else I can do for you and have I resolved the reason of your call? Well, kind of but so I need to call back on the 24th or before the Yeah, so um you have to wait until your next bill is generated, which is gonna be on or around the 24th of november. Um once you have that new bill that's generated, that means you'll be out of the on enrollment period for shut off protection, and we will be able to put you back into it, um, as far as the home protection, I have to send you down there so that, um, we can arrange something on what's owed on, on their end. Okay. Yeah. That'd be great. Thank you. Not a problem at all. Let me get you down there. Just give me one moment to do so. Okay. Comfort.