Good afternoon. Thank you for calling at energy. This is lacey, how may I assist you? Hi um I was talking to um tell you about it and um ask some questions about this account. Okay, I can definitely assist you with the payment of the balance and better assist you. Do you mind if I ask a few questions? Okay and who am I speaking with? I'm joe viable. Thank you. And do you have your account number or phone number? Um It's under my grandmother's name. Um The account number is 920,010. Thank you. And the service address in question 15,560 Fort Hill Street. Thank you. Give me one second and the city and zip code please treatment. Thank you. And just for my notes, how do you spell your name? Um My name is J. O. V. A. N. B. As in Boy 00. N. E. Thank you. Mr been, what is her name that's on the account. Thank you. And for security, the last four of your social security number? Um 2662. Thank you. And what questions do you have? Um I'm um so I've been awarded her over her estate. Um I'm just going through Probate Court right now. Um the lights and gas were on their off now. Um I guess cause uh she's dead or whatever so I just wanted to know um after I pay the balance um I can just put it into my name or my my tenant name. Okay let me go ahead, give me 1 2nd to pull this up here. Okay, so yeah, once any balances paid, of course, if you're putting into your own personal name or for tenants going to call however you wish to do that. Oh I hear you, can you can you oh as far as paying off the balance to close this account, I mean the account is closed, I should say but to stop collection activity so it doesn't get turned over to a collection agency. Yes. Once you pay the account balance then it's up to you how to proceed, whether you're gonna put into your own personal name or if you're gonna have a tenant called to request service? Okay, cool. Um Yeah cause I know I can't be listening to the bill pay, right? The line keeps cutting out what was that? I know I I cannot do anything. Let me check, I mean given the situation, let me check to see if it's going to interfere with the new tenant. Do you mind holding about two minutes while I check it out for you? Okay. Okay. Thanks please hold. Thank you so much. I'm still checking this for you. And also I wanted to ask did you already speak to our Probate department? Okay. Okay, not a problem. Let me go ahead. I still want to get you that answer. Do you mind holding another two minutes for me? Okay. Thanks. Please hold. Thanks for holding, appreciate your patience. Okay, so I just verified any balances will need paid in full, regardless of who's name it goes into. Okay so what's the balance then? There will be no problem. As long as all balances so that means if you had accounts in your own name, all balances outstanding must be paid and then you would be able to start servicing your own name. Okay so um Oak uh cause I cause the thing is um my grandma passed I took over the state um my uncle was here and then my um my uncle was here and then um I was here I moving but we still have a house so I don't want to just have a light to get in the water. I was thinking bring it out or whatever. I understand. Yeah but I don't want to rent it out to nobody until we want to have a problem with giving a license there. So Right I understand. Okay now is that you mentioned is this something you're gonna call back then? Once you have your payment information? No I don't I have the payment information, I just don't want to pay it. You know another problem like I don't want to play with the whole or uh restriction on the account you know I just wanted to make sure Okay from what I'm showing on the account, give me 1 2nd I'll get you a total here in just a minute. Okay one moment it's pulling back up here. Okay so I'm showing there was a quote, put her in the system, it's for both bills that he paid, it was showing 9 73 and 84 cents under your grandmother's name, Plus an outstanding bill in your name. It was 1005, 34 95 cents. So I'm showing a total was 2005 oh eight and 79 cents. Okay so uh okay so okay so if I pay it so okay so if I pay my grandmother balance and then my kids can just call as long as she don't have a balance, I wasn't able to hear you. I'm sorry the line's muscles for some reason I said um I said so if I take my grandma balance and then my attendant cars and get to or whatever, she'll have a balance, It's okay with her right, I'm showing up the property that they're not going to release services unless those two bills are paid, regardless of who's name, it goes into a note that was left here. Why is that I should be able to rent the house out to anyone else, you know please? Uh huh. Yeah. At this point, you most likely need to speak and discuss that with probate again, but as far as what we quoted you, it it shows as if we quoted you and then you advise and maybe switching it in someone else's name. So I mean knowing the situation, we don't advise to put a bill on someone else's name. No, no, I understand. I understand where you're coming from. It was more of this is the whole thing. My grandma passed, I have my own home, but she passed, you're not just going to just keep the lights off, keep the gas off over here, you know, we still come here frequently, we still, you know, family members still be here, you know what? We have to have a life. So if somebody is here or not, you know, I still come by and make sure I still come by the leaves, I still come by and make sure the house is straight like right now I'm paying and remodeling the home so I can rent it out anyway go I would have to have service if I'm here or if nobody's here, we're still working on the house like right now I'm I'm paying the kitchen, I can't understand why they have to be paid in full understand. But yeah, I mean just me going off what probate has advised they're saying, regardless of who's name it goes into and those outstanding bills will still have to be paid for at least any service as far as two. Let me pull it back up for you give me just a second, 2005 08.79. Yeah, you can keep the probate again, that's that's outstanding balance. Yeah. You make me okay, let me go ahead. I will get someone on, I'll get someone on the phone with you. Do you mind holding about two minutes and I'll connect you. Thank you. Thank you. Please hold one moment. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Thank you. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.