Thank you for calling G. P. Energy, This is jennifer, how may I help you? Hello, my name is, I work for state management and we managed those uh town homes over in and um we have a unit turn going on right now and usually the the tenants have to put the uh gas in their name and then once they leave it goes back into our name but it didn't this time so the gas got shut off. So I was hoping to get that turned back on and see what's kinda going on. Okay so it was supposed to be placed back into the um the management company's, yep, yep. And I don't know if it just got missed or kind of what was happening but the gas isn't on right now the heat isn't okay so I can definitely assist you with getting you to the right department for this but uh before I can get you transferred over, I do need to ask you a few questions if that is okay with you. Yeah sure. Okay do you have the account number, the phone number that's associated with the account or the address I can see. Yeah uh Well I know so um Okay hold on one second let me look here. I don't know we'll probably have to look it up by the address, right let's just it's called, it's at 10 40 Spalding Avenue Southeast, Grand Rapids michigan. 4 9 546. Alright so hold on a second let me Okay Avenue Southeast. Okay so yes oak so it doesn't have any other information, let me see like this down mm 5112677857. And what's your name again? My name is Katie. Okay. Okay and is there a main um uh a main like account number that is for the complex or um I can see let me ask our accountant really quick. Hold on one moment. Okay. Hey jan um do you know the account number for the normal DTE, do you know where that all that information would be for DTE energy at the normal? Okay Hold on one moment we're pulling an old invoice to get that number for you? Okay thank you, yep no problem. Fuck is it the G. L. Number or is it the Okay I think I see an account number here? Um It's 9200 087 3 2009. Okay so let me look real quick, Just like this one it looks like it's the same. No there would be multiples because it's um. Oh okay so the address gets their own. So I have the I have the like the unit number, it's 5265 no pond um each unit number but I don't I can see if I can find the actual account number for that. 55265. Is this sorry? No you're good. Can you uh can you verify what the company name is that will be on it. Uh So the the owners it's um T. H L L C. Um but we're pure real estate management, we we manage it. Okay and do you have the um do you mind if I address you by Katie for the remainder of the call, yep that's totally fine. Okay and Katie do you have the last four numbers of the tax identification number? The tax identification number? Um Yeah we're getting account is getting it for us. Hold on 1 2nd like looking through old bank stuff. No problem dan you're okay sure I'll write it down. Okay Alright I got it for you whenever you're ready. Okay 1152122. Okay so let me see real quick mm um That would be the right one. Okay so what I would need to do is I would need to get you transferred over to the Landlord Department or the yeah for the landlord account and I have a phone number for you for them as well that way you could um call that number if you ever need to have this issue again. Okay awesome. It's 800 482 8720, awesome, thank you. No problem. And if you don't mind, please hold it, I'm gonna go ahead and get you transferred over to them. Okay thank you. Thank you. I'm being transferred then. Um so yeah yeah. One Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Katie, yep. Okay hi this is in our landlord department, how are you Good, how are you? Okay thanks for asking. Okay so the address uh she provided was 10402 South Clear Avenue and that's in player. Yes correct The address you're calling regarding? Okay this property doesn't show that it has a landlord agree man now if you're interested in getting one set up, I can assist you with this. So at the so you you said 10 40 Spalding Avenue, South East Grand Rapids Michigan. 49546. No no that's not the address you gave me. So so the address that you gave me a total, give me the address again, yep. Absolutely it's 10 40 Avenue, Southeast Grand rapids Michigan. 49546. Okay so 1040 spotting like the basketball spotting. Mhm. Okay S. P. A. U. L. D. I. N. G. Okay yeah she gave a totally different address here. Okay so this address doesn't have a landlord agreement on it either, so you are interested interest set up. Um Okay so because I have the account number here um if you're able to look us up that way I don't I don't know. Okay the company A D. E. A. T. H. L. L. C. Mhm yep that's are the owners and the more pure real estate management we manage that. Okay what's the account number that you have? 8:21 1 52122? Oh don't start with. Okay hold on one sec. Sorry I think that was the tax ID hold on one second let me find it for you. Um Hold on one moment. Okay no problem. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Alrighty thank you so much for holding so I think I have the right account number here. Um I have 9200 8087 3 2009. Yeah pull up that account number associated to. Okay so this account number is associated with the address 5294 no pond in Grand rapids so do all of the addresses. So I would assume that they're almost be like different because we have, sorry hold on I have I'm looking at all of the different um Uh to do like receipts and stuff that I have, they must all have different account numbers. Um so the unit that I'm calling about in particular, it's 5265 no pond so possibly there's an account underneath that I didn't realize that they were all under different, each unit must be under a different thing. I'm not sure. Okay so 5265 No pond is the address you're calling about? Yes but I just know that that the property street address that 10 40 Spalding, that's what I gave you originally. That is like where the property sits on Spaulding Avenue but each unit has their own address. So I'm sorry. Yeah so it should be 5265 no upon drive grand rapids. Michigan. Okay, so I don't have a (526) 5 no pond have no place and have no pond. Let me see here. Yeah look yeah the place yeah. Sorry I'm all over the place. Yes, do place please. Okay so 5265 no place and that's gonna wrap it, yep. For 9546, yep yep. Okay okay so this address um Does not have a landlord agreement. Now we do show that it was recently in a person's name and they give request to have it on the 12th. So you want to go ahead and get the services turned on under the company's name. Yeah so all of yeah, all of those. Yeah, I mean it should yeah the landlord agreement should be on all of those units. So go ahead and get this one taken care of with us having you on the phone but let me give you because it doesn't sound like you're really for sure as far as you know what you guys do have set up for landlord agreement and what you don't, so what I would suggest as far as we have a landlord email that you can send us an email and give us all of your addresses and we can look up each address one by one to verify that they have a landlord agreement and it's not set up awesome. Okay cool let's do that. Okay so the landlord email uh you wanna send an email to and then in the body of it of course make sure you put the business name, the business tax id um a list of the addresses that you guys want the landlord agreement for and then just make sure you put in there, if they don't have it, then go ahead and set it up and then put the mailing address as far as where you want. The notifications sent to you in the bills once it does convert back to you guys and then just um a contact name for you and the phone number so if we have any questions we can reach out to you. Okay. Okay so now we'll go ahead and requested this one here, turned on the 5265 now what's going to be the mailing address as far as for the uh bills and the notifications, Yep. It's 32 Market Ave Southwest or Suite 500 grand rapids Michigan? 49503 Okay so I have 32 Market Southwest, suite 500 grand rapids 495 oh three, yep, entering in all of this information so just take a moment. Okay and Katie, what would be the call ahead, phone number uh for the technician for the appointment? Um we will do just uh it's uh 616 631 7769 6166317769, Yep and my extension is 103 or maintenance is 101. Okay so we can schedule this let me see, mm So this would be for the 23rd is an afternoon appointment so that's 12-4, do we have to be there for it? Yes someone well someone would need to do uh whenever return gas service we do have to get interest so access to the place and that we can light a working gas appliance. Okay um so yeah definitely put extension 101 and I'll put a maintenance request in for that and you said it would be on the 23rd 23rd right Which is on a Tuesday and that's an afternoon appointment 24 30 So it's 12-4 30 Yes I mean it's one of our properties so when you say uh they have to be there so can they let us know like when they're planning on coming or Well so so that's what I just said that we would call you before we come out so I cannot say how we would call because it just depends on you know where the last appointment is but we will call before we come out to make sure that someone is there so definitely make sure that someone does answer because there's no answer then the technician of course. Right Yeah. Um Yeah hold on one second let me just verify that I'm giving you the right phone number just in case. So hold on one moment. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. Yeah thank you so much for holding. So I'm gonna give you the phone number for our maintenance tech for that property just so you can contact him directly. I just wanted to verify before I give you that so um can I give you that phone number? Sure. Okay what's the number? Um so 616 881 5892 okay so no extension nope, no extension. Okay so 6168815892. Mhm. Okay so just making sure that someone's 18 years of age or older, also making sure we have a clear access to the equipment so no life also we are still practicing social distancing, so saying at least six ft away and avoid any physical contact. Uh there must be a working gas appliance and then also um saying that he's the one that's providing us with injury. We have you on the line but we do have to ask have you tested positive for Covid within the last 14 days he has hurt uh been in contact with anyone that's positive that you are aware of nope. Okay and is he experiencing any flu like symptoms? No. Okay, great. Okay. So we're all set. We have you on the schedule for Tuesday november 23rd and afternoon appointment 12 to 4 30. That's to turn the gas service on at 5265 North place. And that's the grand rapids. We're also setting up the landlord agreement, which is our automatic transfer. So whenever the tenant moves out from here on out, it would automatically transfer back into the landlord's name. Perfect. And I have the 32 Market Southwest 500 grand rapids. 495 oh three, yep. Okay, so anything else I can help you with today? Katie. I think we are all set for today. Thank you. You are welcome. And just to confirm, have I resolved the reason for your calling in, yep. Okay, great. Well, thanks for calling, enjoy your day. You too. Bye. Thanks. Bye bye.